(wind blustering)
(car horn honking urgently)
(dramatic music)
(banging)
(ominous instrumental)
(panicked banging)
(muffled screaming)
(snow crunching)
(panicked banging)
(muffled screaming)
(strained grunting)
(panicked banging)
(muffled screaming)
(strained grunting)
(panicked banging)
(banging)
(muffled screaming)
(loud cracking)
(ominous instrumental)
(banging)
(muffled screaming)
(loud cracking)
(intense instrumental)
(deep inhale)
(ominous instrumental)
♪
(soft instrumental)
(car window humming)
You didn't have to do that.
Well, couldn't sleep.
Still adjusting to
the new place?
Getting used to it.
We waiting on our
snowmobile thief?
Wanna keep me company?
Yeah.
(ethereal instrumental)
Yeah, that's her.
(suspenseful music)
♪
(eerie instrumental)
(ominous instrumental)
♪
(car engine firing)
(engine firing)
(suspenseful music)
♪
(electrical crackling)
(suspenseful music)
♪
(dramatic instrumental)
(pounding)
(muffled shouting)
(dramatic orchestral music)
("Familiar" by Agnes Obel)
♪ Took a walk to the
summit at night,
♪ you and I
♪ To burn a hole in the old
grip of the familiar,
♪ you and I
♪ And the dark
was opening wide,
♪ do or die
♪
(distant siren blaring)
(dramatic instrumental)
Kelly:
Anyways, I still have like
another week before it's due.
I'm sure it'll be great.
Hey, look, uh, I have to go.
Wait, no, no, no, I
wanna see your place.
I'm still, uh, rearranging.
Isn't it furnished?
It is, just not to my taste.
We'll talk soon, eh?
Okay, yeah.
Bye, Dad.
Bye.
(electronic bleeping)
(background chattering)
(distant phones ringing)
(phone buzzing)
Detective Lise Delorme.
Yeah.
Uh, yes, no, now
is a good time.
I'll just go outside.
Just a second.
Yeah, I can come down sometime
in the next week or so.
Yeah, I'll email you.
Yeah, thank you, bye.
I was just coming to find you.
I got a call from Jerry Commanda
about a possible missing person,
our jurisdiction.
You ever work with a
prosecutor Robert Quillen?
Uh, just crossed paths with him.
He's married to that politician,
our MPP?
Sheila Gagne.
She's the one who called.
Robert's the missing person.
I'll tell you later.
Commanda:
Sheila called me first,
but I know this is
your territory.
I'm just here as a
courtesy to a friend.
Detective Lise Delorme,
Detective John Cardinal,
Sheila Gagne.
Thank you for coming,
detectives.
Did Jerry tell you-
I didn't tell them
anything other than that
you were worried
about Robert.
So how we can help, Ms. Gagne?
My husband, Robert Quillen,
he's a-
He's a crown prosecutor.
Cardinal:
I know Robert.
We've worked a few
cases together.
I believe he's mentioned you.
I, uh, I gotta go make
a couple of phone calls.
I'll let you catch them up.
Thanks.
Cardinal:
So you believe he
might be missing?
He hasn't been home,
he hasn't called or texted.
No one's seen him.
Given his job and mine...
Have either of you
received any serious threats?
Both of our offices
receive threats every day.
Sometimes it's hard to tell
which ones are serious.
Yeah, I understand that,
um, but there could be
any number of reasons
why Robert didn't come home,
so we just need to
know if you have
any special cause for concern.
Robert had a hearing this
morning and he didn't show up.
That hasn't happened in
his career, not once.
When's the last
you've seen him?
Yesterday morning and I-
I know that it hasn't
been very long.
So he didn't come
back home at all?
No, but I-I wasn't
expecting him until later.
Because?
He had a date.
What kind of date?
We have an open marriage.
Okay.
Is it possible, Ms. Gagne,
that he just decided
to extend the date?
No, we have rules.
He comes home.
If something came up,
he would call.
Does Robert drink or
do drugs of any kind?
He drinks in moderation.
No drugs.
Any history of mental illness?
Are you asking
about him or me?
I'm just asking for anything
you think might be relevant.
He has no history
of mental illness.
I take medication for anxiety,
but that is not what this is.
There are people around here
that don't like the
job that I'm doing,
and some of them
just don't like me.
And Robert prosecutes the worst
kinds of abusers, murderers.
So maybe it's
nothing serious,
but I would really like to
know where my husband has gone.
(wind blustering)
(sombre instrumental)
Delorme:
Okay.
Robert only booked one night,
hasn't checked out.
Cardinal:
Anyone else been in the room?
Delorme:
Not yet.
Robert Quillen?
Police.
Open up.
Mr. Quillen.
We're coming in.
Robert Quillen?
(suspenseful music)
♪
His clothes are here.
His keys, wallet,
phone, a feather.
Where does he go on a freezing
night without his clothes?
His boots are by the door.
(suspenseful music)
♪
I think he was
dragged outta here.
What?
(pensive music)
Abby:
It's a hotel room,
so it will have trace evidence
from multiple sources.
How many depends
on the enthusiasm
of the cleaning staff.
Cardinal:
Anything suspicious, Abby?
Abby:
Any blood, we'll let you
know as soon as we can.
(suspenseful music)
Hey.
Yeah?
Cardinal:
We have an ID on his date.
Credit card receipt from the
Robinette named Holly Francis.
Okay.
Do we have any video out here?
No cameras except front desk.
So we have Robert's check-in,
nothing else after 11:00 p.m.
So nobody saw a naked man
being taken in the night?
Delorme:
We've spoken to all the guests.
Cardinal:
Tire tracks back in there.
It's 20 feet from the
room to the trunk.
(sighs) That's where
you'd put the car
if you wanted to
abduct somebody.
Delorme:
Ms. Francis?
Yes?
I'm Detective Cardinal,
we spoke on the phone.
This is Detective Delorme, I-
I thought we talked about
coming out to see you.
Ah, I thought it was better
you didn't come to the house.
Have you found Robert?
I'm afraid not.
Do you want to sit?
Please.
Do you have any
reason to believe
something's
happened to Robert?
No, I just, and I-
I mean I am worried
about him I just-
I'm upset because Robert
has one kind of marriage,
and my situation is,
it's different.
(sighs)
We,
we believe Robert was
abducted from your hotel room
at some point last night.
Abducted?
You said on the phone that
you and Robert took a car
from the Robinette
to the hotel?
Yeah, that's correct.
You two had sex there.
You left Robert, uh,
around 1:30 a.m.
and he was in the
shower at the time?
Yes.
Cardinal:
Did you notice
anyone watching you,
anyone following your car?
No.
Did he mention any
problems at work,
or in his marriage?
No, Robert doesn't
talk about his marriage.
So he never proposed
leaving his wife for you,
for example.
No.
It, it wasn't like that.
Ms. Francis, what can you
tell us about a feather
that we found on a
dresser in the room?
A feather?
Cardinal: Mm.
I never saw one there.
Did Robert have
a bag with him?
Any extra clothing?
Holly:
No, just his coat,
not-not even a briefcase.
Cardinal:
I'm sorry, uh,
I'm afraid we'll have to
have another detective
take your statement.
(suspenseful music)
♪
Yeah?
Do you wanna tell them
what you told me?
A man called, he said he
knew who'd taken Robert.
He used that word, "Taken."
He said they were
gonna hurt him.
He'd tell me who for a price,
$9,000 cash.
Did he say anything else?
I was scared,
I got him the money.
He said to take it to the
closed down shopping mall.
Pine Point?
Did you see anyone there?
Anyone watching nearby?
I left the money in a
recycling bin like he asked
and drove around the block
and waited where he said,
but he never showed up.
I told her it was a bad idea.
She should have
called you first.
Yeah.
- But I wasn't stupid.
I put the money
in an old purse
and I hid my phone in
one of the pockets.
That was risky.
I had to do something.
Yeah, we'll track
him with the phone.
Janelle, get out of there!
Janelle:
I'm not finished my bath.
Janelle (pounds on door).
I'm leaving right now!
Janelle:
Bye then, Wade.
Oh, yeah.
(dramatic instrumental)
♪
The cell phone
signal's up ahead.
(truck engine firing)
(engine revving loudly)
(sirens blaring)
Cardinal:
Truck on the move.
(sirens blaring)
(tense instrumental)
Hands on the
steering wheel, sir.
What's the problem
here, you guys?
I'm late for work.
Delorme:
Looking for someone?
What's this clown doing,
checking his Facebook?
Do you mind if we have
a look in your truck?
Yeah.
(phone ringing)
Care to explain
why you have Sheila Gagne's
phone in your vehicle, sir?
I don't know, someone
said I should-
Delorme:
Get out of the car, now.
Sir! Right now.
Get out of the car.
-All right.
Cardinal:
Up against the truck.
(sighs)
Cardinal:
Anything I need to worry
about in your pockets?
Wade:
No.
Cardinal: Needles?
Wade: No.
Green pickup, licence plate-
Wade Kleiss.
-Mhm.
You live here?
Girlfriend does.
Where's Robert Quillen?
Don't know who that is.
You told his wife
that you did.
Cardinal:
And you told her somebody
was gonna hurt him.
Nope, no way I'd get involved
with nothing like that.
Where is he?
(tense instrumental)
All right, fine, I
want protection, a deal,
and I don't do nothing
without my legal counsel-
We're not making
a deal with you.
Well, then,
that lawyer's gonna die.
(suspenseful music)
Get in back.
Put him in interrogation.
No stops.
Understood.
His lawyer's on her way,
so nobody questions
him without her there.
We'll keep searching
the house.
I'll be right behind you.
Money in Sheila's handbag
was more than twice
what she gave him.
The other bag was, uh,
clothing and drugs.
He was making a run for it.
(sirens buzzing)
Weapons, bribery,
assault convictions.
He was paroled six months ago.
He's trying to hide it,
but he's scared of someone.
(suspenseful music)
(faint radio chattering)
Dispatch:
207, suspect in custody.
In transport to station.
(suspenseful music)
♪
(tense instrumental)
Detective Kular:
Let's go, Mr. Kleiss.
(intense music)
(electric crackling)
(groaning)
(thudding)
(panting)
(dramatic music)
(ominous music)
(click)
Wade:
You gotta get me outta here.
(slicing)
(groaning)
(suspenseful music)
♪
(sombre instrumental)
(thudding)
(tense instrumental)
♪
(sighs)
(tense instrumental)
♪
You remember I spoke to
my old colleague in Toronto?
You got the job?
That's great.
When do you go?
I'm still working that out.
You'll do great
down there, Lise.
(ethereal instrumental)
♪
(ominous instrumental)
(women chattering faintly)
Cardinal!
Shit.
(suspenseful music)
Kleiss is dead.
Cardinal:
Ash.
Is Kular okay?
Cardinal:
What happened to you?
What happened?
Kular: Someone jumped me.
(dramatic beat)
(tense instrumental)
♪
Something's happened?
The man who tried to
extort you is dead.
He was murdered.
You said he was
with the police.
How can that happen?
Somebody was waiting for them.
He was the only one who
knew anything about Robert.
I thought you trusted
these people?
They couldn't have
seen this coming.
So what are we
supposed to do now?
(phone ringing)
It's a private number.
Man:
How much do you
love your husband?
What?
Man:
I need you to prove it.
Prove it and I'll let
you see him again.
How am I supposed
to do that?
I don't even know
who you are.
Man:
You know who I am, Sheila.
I didn't see him coming.
I went for the door,
then I couldn't
breathe from the pain.
I should have swept the lot
before I took the
suspect out of the car.
It wasn't your fault.
Did you hear him
say anything?
No, he didn't say a word.
But Wade Kleiss, he-
he said-he said
something like,
he was like,
"Get me outta here."
They knew each other.
It sounded like it to me.
Lise?
(suspenseful music)
He chose a prime
spot to wait.
He had to know
they were coming.
Maybe a police scanner.
Cardinal:
You watch, he never turns
his face to the camera.
He clocked all the cameras,
planned out his
path like a pro.
Maybe Wade Kleiss
was this guy's partner
in kidnapping Robert,
but then he got hungry
for some extra money,
he went to shake
down Sheila,
offered to sell
his partner out.
So the partner comes
gunning for Wade,
kills him before he can talk.
Woulda killed Kular too,
except he didn't want
the heat for doing a cop.
He's rational.
So if he's got Robert,
why hasn't he contacted us?
There's been no ransom demand.
What does he want?
Guys, Sheila Gagne's here.
(suspenseful music)
Ms. Gagne?
I wanna hold a
press conference.
Maybe we should
talk about that.
There's nothing to talk about,
I'm just letting you know.
Are you in charge here?
Ms. Gagne?
How can I help you?
Jerry?
She got an anonymous call.
Well that doesn't mean
it's from the kidnapper.
Well, even if it is,
we can't let him
call the shots.
I think it's a mistake.
Maybe, but it's hers to make.
I just spoke to my
superintendent,
Sheila wants OPD
working this, too.
She wants you to
take over the case?
We'll be working with you.
Yeah.
Commanda:
I told Sheila that
you can handle this,
but she wants me involved.
She trusts me.
Sheila:
Are you gonna talk
me out of it?
I can't stop you.
Ms. Gagne, you're gonna
do what you're gonna do.
But I want you to know,
we're here to help.
Those two detectives
out there?
They are my very best.
Well, I'm very
sorry to hear that.
This person who called you,
who said that he knew you,
do you have any
idea who it is?
No.
But you're convinced
that he's the one who
abducted your husband?
I don't know
what else to do.
Ms. Gagne,
I have nothing but respect
for the work that you
do for this community,
and all of us care
about your husband,
all of us want to find him.
I know.
And now we've got a witness
murdered in our custody,
and one of my officers
has been attacked.
I promise you, I'm gonna throw
everything I've got at this.
Work with my detectives.
I'm asking you to trust
them the way that I do.
I'll try, Sergeant Dyson.
Thank you.
I'll see you in the
conference room.
(tense instrumental)
Sheila VO:
Robert is a good man,
truly the best man
I have ever known.
He's served his
community for 20 years
trying to keep it
safe for all of us.
If you're angry about
something that he did,
or something that I did,
please believe me that we
will try to make it right.
But for me to do that,
we need to talk.
You wanted me to prove
something, well, here I am.
Now please, please let
me have Robert back.
You wanted me to prove
something, well, here I am.
Now please, please let
me have Robert back.
(tape recorder
clicking, whirring)
(eerie instrumental)
You did well.
(sighing)
So now what?
We keep looking.
We hope that whoever
has Robert reaches out.
I almost asked him
not to go out.
I had a bad day,
wanted him to stay home.
I just keep
thinking about that.
I'll be posting a
unit outside the house.
I'll be out here
until he arrives.
Thank you, Jerry.
(phone chiming, buzzing)
(gasps)
(ominous instrumental)
♪
Robert:
Please don't leave me here!
Don't leave me!
Don't!
Tell me what to do!
Please, tell me what to do!
Don't leave me here!
Please!
(Sheila screams)
Robert:
No, no, no!
Please don't leave me here.
No!
Don't!
Please don't leave me here!
There's got to be something
that connects Quillen
to Wade Kleiss.
Well, Robert didn't
try any of Wade's cases,
and we haven't found anything
connecting Wade to Sheila.
I'll meet you there
in a few hours.
Yeah.
What I,
what I should have said,
uh, earlier...
(sighs)
Do you want to come inside?
Yeah.
(ethereal instrumental)
♪
(phone buzzing)
(phone beeping)
(sighing)
(suspenseful music)
♪
(crashing)
(ominous instrumental)
♪
Don't leave me here!
Please don't leave me here!
No, don't!
No!
Please!
Please don't leave me here!
Don't leave me!
Don't!
Tell me what to do!
Please!
The cell phone provider
said it's a prepaid phone
last pinged off the
North Slope Tower
when the email was sent.
No usage since.
Given how careful
this guy's been,
he's likely disposed
of it already.
Can we get anything from
the email address he used,
like where he
logged in from before?
It'll take time,
and even then,
I'm guessing he's ahead of us.
According to the metadata,
the video was shot at 3:00
a.m. yesterday morning.
Yeah.
No clothing labels
or any other distinguishing
features visible.
Commanda:
Those lines coming
off his legs?
It's some kind of
wire rope or cable.
He's anchored to
the log behind him.
It's been what,
over 24 hours now?
Even with those warm clothes,
there's no way he's
lasting that long.
That winter gear isn't his.
Whoever took Robert dressed
him up to keep him warm.
We better hope that means
they don't want him dead.
This is a high profile victim.
It could be staged,
a ploy to get more ransom.
But they still haven't
asked for anything.
Those stumps behind him.
I don't see any, uh,
trees around, either.
You think it's a logging site?
Could be.
Let's get on the phone
and find out how many of
those we've got around here.
(suspenseful music)
♪
Delorme:
Look for tracks leading
away from the main trail
heading towards the clear cut.
Cardinal:
Yes.
Whenever you have the chance,
shut the machines off,
call for Robert,
and listen for an answer.
Officer:
Okay, let's go!
(drone blades whirring)
McLeod:
That thing have infrared?
But you guys got
all the toys.
But we can't get the helicopter
up here until tomorrow.
Yeah.
(drone blades whirring)
So what do you think?
Is it about killing Robert,
or about getting
something he wants?
Maybe killing Robert
gets them what they want.
He told Sheila,
if she proved she loved him,
she'd see Robert again.
And he kept his promise
by sending the video.
This is not somebody
who wants to negotiate.
It's somebody who
wants people to hurt.
(ethereal instrumental)
(drone blades whirring)
♪
Any luck with the search?
Not yet.
There was almost
$20,000 cash
in Wade Kleiss's vehicle,
but he got less than
half that from Sheila.
So, I went back to talk
to the girlfriend.
Does she know where
it came from?
Kular:
She said,
"Wade did something for a
guy he knew from prison."
didn't know what,
but what she
said makes sense
if Wade was a paid accomplice
in Robert Quillen's abduction.
So if this guy paid Wade
to help him abduct Robert,
Wade got greedy and
put this guy at risk.
That's motive for
killing Wade.
Yeah.
What's the motive for Robert?
(suspenseful music)
(wind blowing)
♪
(tense pulsing music)
(brakes squealing)
(distant chattering)
(tense pulsing music)
Delorme:
So?
He's over there.
Any tracks the killer
might have left
are mostly snowed
over in the wind.
I, uh-
I gotta go tell Sheila before
somebody else tells her.
Yeah, I'm sorry, Jerry.
(suspenseful music)
♪
(intensifying pulsing music)
(eerie instrumental)
(sombre instrumental)
Cardinal:
Robert was able to
drag the log this far,
he probably thought he
would get somewhere,
'til he realized he wouldn't.
His clothes
scattered like this.
Late stage hypothermia.
You'd get hot,
strip off the clothing.
But I don't understand.
Why dress him in warm clothes
before leaving him
to freeze to death?
They wanted Robert to suffer.
That would do it.
And why did he call Sheila
if she knew she had no
chance to save her husband?
He was toying with her.
Wade Kleiss was business,
this is-
this is personal.
He never could have made it
to the road with that weight.
No one could.
No.
But the killer wanted
him to think he could.
(sombre instrumental)
One final cruelty.
(solemn instrumental)
♪
(knocking)
I'm sorry.
(sombre instrumental)
♪
Dispatch:
All units be advised,
1045 off county line 27,
roadblocks in effect.
Diverting traffic down 191.
(engine revving)
(suspenseful pulsing music)
♪
(muffled groans)
(suspenseful pulsing music)
♪
(muffled screams)
(suspenseful pulsing music)
(muffled) I can get you money!
Just tell me what you want!
Why are you doing this to me?!
(groans)
I'm not.
(suspenseful pulsing music)
♪
Please don't leave me here!
Don't leave me here!
Please, don't leave me here!
(ethereal eerie-like music)
♪
(sombre instrumental)
Are you ready to head back?
I think I'll stay
until Ident's done.
I'll catch a ride with McLeod.
Are you okay?
(car engine firing)
Yeah.
(sombre instrumental)
♪